Introduce Org-level workspace image (#3986)
gitpod-io/website: src/content/changelog/gitpod-org-level-default-workspace-image.md

---
title: Introducing Organization-Level Workspace Image
alt: A screenshot showcasing the new Organization-level Workspace Image setting in Gitpod.
date: 2023-09-22
excerpt: Streamline workspace configurations across your Gitpod organization with the new Organization-Level Workspace Image feature.
customSlug: streamline-organization-workspace-with-image-setting
image: organization-workspace-image.webp
ogImage: organization-workspace-image.webp
---

Gitpod enhances development productivity with the introduction of the Organization-Level Workspace Image.

This feature allows administrators to set a universal Docker image for all workspaces in the organization. Ensure all members are on the same page, leveraging a shared and standardized setup, while still preserving the flexibility of repository-specific settings.

**How it works**

> -   Administrators can easily set up a shared Workspace Image that becomes the default for new workspaces within the organization.

Reviewer: Could we add some explanation on how this input will be validated?

Author: Yes, we can recommend user to use `gp validate` first before change org image settings. Maybe share link about `gp validate` https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/workspaces#validate-your-gitpod-configuration

> -   [Repository workspace image configurations (`.gitpod.yml`)](/docs/references/gitpod-yml#image) remain unaffected and won't be overridden by the organization-level image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Note: This default workspace image only works when there is no workspace image specified in the `.gitpod.yml` (/docs/references/gitpod-yml#image). Otherwise, the workspace image in the `.gitpod.yml` will override the organization-level image.
```
